 So  as  I  was  entered  the  room,  isn't  that  what  they  do  on  all  the  TV  shows?  Yeah,  yeah,  okay  This  is  the  Delta  incident  I  guess  Interview  where  I'm  Wayne  Barron's  and  my  name  is  Jesse.
 Please  don't  know  Can  you  give  us  your  name  and  your  address,  please?  My  name  is  Damian.  I  live  on  Calabasas  Avenue  and  Santa  Clarita  So  the  purpose  of  what  we're  doing  trying  to  do  today  is  try  to  get  as  much  information  about  your  uncle  right  yeah  uncle  okay  about  your  uncle  so  that  we  can  better  search  for  him  and  hopefully  give  us  some  information  and  we  can  tailor  our  operations  to  make  sure  that  we  find  him
 as  quickly  as  is  possible  to  do  so  so  you  know  you  can  also  ask  us  questions  and  we'll  try  to  answer  them  as  best  we  can  for  you  But  we're  trying  to  get  as  much  information  as  fast  as  we  can  and  be  able  to  get  that  out  to  the  team  So  they  can  be  as  efficient  as  they  can  in  searching  for  your  uncle.
 I  understand.  Okay.  Um,  you  said  he's  your  uncle  Can  you  explain  that  relationship?  Is  he  your  what  kind  of  uncle  is  he?  Oh?  Yeah,  he's  my  father's  brother  father's  brother.
 So  he's  a  real  uncle.  Okay.  Yeah,  there's  a  lot  of  sometimes  families  out  there  Yeah,  well  uncles  that  aren't  truly  related.  No,  he's  yes  biological  uncle,  I  guess  Yes  Can  you  give  us  a  contact  information  if  we  have  some  follow -up  questions  we  can  reach  you  at  for  me?
 Yes,  sure  it's  my  name  is  Damian  and  I  live  on  Calabasas  Avenue  in  Santa  Clarita  and  And  my  phone  number  is  555 -1212.
 555 -1212.  Okay.  Can  you  go  back  and  talk  to  us  about  what  happened  this  this  morning?  Sure.  My  uncle  is  from  out  of  the  area  and  he  came  to  stay  with  me  for  a  week  or  so  so  we  could  visit  some  of  our  mutual  relatives.
 He  arrived  late  last  night  on  a  flight  and  so  this  morning  we  had  breakfast  and  then  I  left  to  go  get  some  groceries  at  Costco  and  I  was  gone  for  about  two  hours.
 I  think  I  left  it  was  around  like  nine  o 'clock  nine  30  and  I  was  gone  about  two  hours  I  got  back  before  lunch  and  he  wasn't  home.
 He  likes  to  walk  so  I  thought  that  maybe  he  just  went  for  a  walk  in  the  neighborhood  but  after  about  an  hour  or  so  I  started  to  get  worried  because  he  hadn't  returned  so  I  called  911  I  think  it  was  like  around  12  30  quarter  to  one  that  time  frame.
 And  I  drove  around  myself,  around  the  neighborhood.  And  I  went  to  like,  there's  a,  there's  kind  of  like  a  park  area  in  the  neighborhood.  He  wasn't  there.  And  then  I  drove  out  a  little  further  beyond  the  neighborhood,
 but  I  didn't  see  him  anywhere.  Is  he  familiar  with  the  area?  area?  - I  think  familiar  is  probably  a  good  word.
 He's  been  to  visit  previously  and  he's  gone  on  walks  when  he  was  here  previously.  But  the  last  time  he  was  here  was  before  COVID.  And  now  he's  in  his  like  early  70s.
 So  he  still  likes  to  get  out  and  walk,  but  I  wouldn't  say  he's  anything  more  than  for  me.  with  the  neighborhood.  When  he  went  on  walks  earlier  can  you  tell  us  where  he  may  have  gone  and  were  with  somebody  with  him  or  did  he  just  describe  where  he  had  gone?
 Well  usually  he  would  go  to  that  park  that  I  mentioned  that's  why  I  went  there  but  there's  a  strip  mall  that's  sort  of  in  the  opposite  direction  of  the  park  that  has  like  a  7 -Eleven  and  Some  other  I  think  now  there's  a  boba  there  and  some  other  things  he  would  go  there  sometimes  if  he  wanted  to  like  get  himself  Like  a  six  pack  of  beer  or  something  like  that  So  that  was  one  of  the  places  I  actually  went  to  but
 I  didn't  see  him  around  there  And  I  asked  the  guy  at  the  7 -Eleven  too  if  he'd  seen  someone.  I  showed  him  a  picture  of  my  uncle.  He  said  he  hadn't.  So  okay.
 Do  you  know  that  you  said  it  was  the  7 -Eleven  in  the  Fred  Strip  Mall?  Yeah.  Okay.  Yeah.  How  comfortable  are  you  that  you  kind  of  know  your  uncle's  habits  and  kind  of  answering  fairly  detailed  questions  about  him?
 I  know  him  pretty  well,  like  even  though  he  hasn't  been  to  visit  before  COVID,  I've  gone  to  his  place  a  couple  of  times  and  he's  kind  of  always  been  my  favorite  uncle.  We  like,
 he  used  to  go  camping  with  him  and  his  family  when  his  kids  were  still  young  and  when  his  wife  was  still  alive.  And  I  don't  know,
 he  just  like,  there  was  sort  of  regular  interaction  and  I  think  I  know  him  pretty  well.  What's  his  background  in  terms  of  his  ability  to  walk  or  hike  or  how  long?
 Is  there  any  impediments  to  him  continuing  to  move?  Well,  he  still  likes  to  get  out  and  walk.  He's  got  a  bit  of  a  limp  now.  I  don't  know  if  he's  got  a  bad  hip  or  a  bad  knee.
 I'm  not  sure.  but  after  he's  walked  for  a  while,  he  usually  comes  home  and  he  has  to  take  like  like  a  Tylenol  or  something  like  that  and  just  rest  and  I'll  see  him  go  with  an  ice  pack  to  his  bedroom.
 I've  seen  this  at  his  house  too  and  he'll  just  like  go  lie  down  for  like  30  minutes  with  this  ice  pack.  I  don't  really  know  what  he's  icing  but  I  suspect  it's  either  like  a  hip  or  a  knee  or  something  like  that.
 Okay.  Do  you  know  if  he  has  a  bad  hip  or  a  bad  knee?  any  other  health  concerns  besides  the  kind  of  the  ice  pack  related  issue?  Yeah,  he's  got  high  blood  pressure  and  he  might  be  type  2  diabetic.
 I  know  that  he  was  being  tested  for  that  recently.  I  don't  know  what  the  results  of  the  tests  were  though.  But  there's  obviously  a  concern  there  that  it  could  precipitate.  okay.  - Yeah,  yeah.  - Does  he  have  any  medical,
 I'm  sorry,  prescriptions  or  over -the -counter  stuff  that  he  takes  on  a  regular  basis?  You  mentioned  the  ice  pack,  but  is  there  anything,  anything  other  drugs  that  he's  taking  on  a  regular  basis?
 - That  I'm  not  sure  of.  I  suppose  I  could  go  check  his  stuff  to  see  if  there's  any  medication  in  there,  but.  - Okay,  well,  if  that's  okay,  we'll  do  that  after.  we  finish  this  we'll  go  back  and  ask  go  back  and  look  at  that  and  see  what  he  has  okay  okay.
 In  talking  about  other  constraints  is  there  any  fears  of  his  or  concerns?  Is  he  concerned  about  open  spaces  or  is  there  any  kind  of  those  kinds  of  things  that  might  drive  him  in  a  certain  direction?
 I  don't  think  so,  like  he  seems  to  be  comfortable  like  at  the  mall  or  comfortable  at  the  park,  you  know?
 Does  that  answer  your  question?  Yeah,  I  think  so.  I  mean,  I'm  just  trying  to  precipitate  things  that  might  ring  a  bell  in  you  and  that  you  might  go,  "Oh,  yeah,  he  doesn't  like  this  kind  of  place  where  he  doesn't  like  crowds  or  or  oh,
 okay  Yeah,  no,  I  don't  think  there's  anything  like  that  that  I  can  recall  Okay,  yeah  How  far  would  would  you  say  what  he  would  have  walked  with  in  prior  circumstances  with  you?
 Oh?  So  the  park  is  probably  about  a  half  a  mile  away  So  there  in  back  is  a  mile,  but  he  wouldn't  necessarily  walk  directly  there  He  might  take  some  other  So  in  the  past,
 I'd  say  he  was  probably  walking  a  couple  of  miles  when  he  would  go  for  his  walk.  And  is  that  I'm  not  familiar  with  the  area.  Is  that  level  or  is  there  some  up  and  down  to  it?  And  if  so,  how  much?
 The  general  neighborhood  area  is  is  fairly  flat,  I  would  say.  As  you  get  closer  to  the  park,  there  starts  to  be  a  little  bit  of  elevation,
 but  it's  not.  too  much.  - How  many  feet  do  you  think?  Just  roughly.  - I'd  say  the  park  is  probably  a  hundred  feet  at  a  higher  elevation  than  where  the  house  is,
 and  that's  like  half  a  mile  away,  so.  - Okay.  - Yeah.  - So  a  couple  of  miles  probably  is  what  you're  saying.  I'm  getting  this  probably.  The  reasonable  guess  is  what  he's  done  in  the  past.
 Yeah  that's  what  he  was  definitely  comfortable  walking  that  other  than  the  fact  that  he  would  ice  himself  afterwards.  Right.  Does  he  have  anything  like  hearing  aids  or  canes  or  any  other  medical  instruments?
 Well  he  he  does  have  a  prosthetic  foot,  but  that  doesn't,
 it's  just  like  the  lower  part  of  his  left  leg.  It  doesn't  necessarily  hinder  him  in  movement,  but  like  he  doesn't  use  a  cane,
 he  doesn't  need  a  walker,  he's  not  a  wheelchair  bound,  he  just  has  this  prosthetic  lower  part  of  his  leg.  Do  you  know  what  that  was  caused  by?  I  think  think  that  was  an  accident  when  he  was  in  like  his  20s  or  something  like  that.
 - Okay.  - I  think  it  was  a  hockey  accident.  - Okay.  Any  dentures  or  anything  in  terms  of  hearing  aids,  dentures?
 - No  hearing  aids,  although  sometimes  I  wish  he  had  one.  I  don't  think  he  has  dentures  either.
 Okay.  Any  psychological  type  of  issues?  I've  kind  of  already  touched  on  them,  but  is  there  anything  else  you  can  think  of  that?  Well,  my  aunt  passed  away  like  six  months  ago.
 Okay.  So,  you  know,  that  could  be  something  that's  on  his  mind.  I  would  expect  he's  probably...  still  at  some  level  of  mourning  They  were  married  for  more  than  50  years  But  He  seemed  like  he  was  in  good  spirits  when  I  picked  him  up  at  the  airport  and  in  good  spirits  of  breakfast  He  didn't  seem  to  be  depressed  or  anxious  or  anything  like  that  Was  that  heard?
 death  expected?  Was  it  maybe  after  a  period  of  illness  or  was  it  a  sudden?  Yeah,  there  was  a  period  of  illness  there.
 She  actually  had  some  dementia  and  then  declined  actually  fairly  quickly,  but  there  was  some  period  of—it  took—from  the  time  of  diagnosis,
 I  think,  to  the  time  she  passed  away  was  only  about  eight  months.  Wasn't  that  long.  And  you  think  he  as  best  as  one  can  dealt  with  that  and  there  wasn't  any  result  of  that  where  he  felt  he  had  to  take  steps  as  a  result  of  his  wife's  death?
 No,  I  don't  think  so.  Um,  I  mean,  he  was  in  mourning  fairly  deeply  for  a  long  time.  He  didn't  want  to  do  too  much,
 but  in  the  last  couple  of  months,  he's  been  more  active,  like  getting  himself  out  of  the  house  and  going  and  doing  things.  - And  does  he,  when  he's  at  his  house,
 which  where  is  his  house?  - He  lives  in,  he  actually  just  moved  two  years  ago.  ago.  It's  just  outside  of  Irvine.
 Okay.  Yeah  I  can't  remember  the  name.  It's  a  small  small  community  but  I  think  Irvine's  pretty  good  description  of  it.  Okay  so  in  the  outlet  it's  like  it's  like  one  of  these  like  contained  communities  that's  on  a  golf  course.
 Uh -huh.  And  they  have  their  own  charter  and  stuff.  Yeah,  they're  like  a  little  town  or  hamlet  or  something.  Yeah,  out  in  the  desert.  - Okay.
 Do  you  know  what  he  does  when  he's  at  home?  Does  he  essentially  stay  at  home  or  do  well  he  go  out  and  drive  or  will  he  go  out  and  walk  every  day  or?  - Yeah,  he  can  drive.  - Okay.
 - He  obviously  doesn't  have  a  car  here  'cause  he's  visiting.  he  he  does  go  out  he  has  he's  part  of  a  bridge  club  that's  part  of  this  like  little  it's  kind  of  like  a  retirement  community  on  a  golf  course  right  so  he's  part  of  a  bridge  club  and  he's  he  does  I  think  water  aerobics  a  couple  times  a  week  outside  of  that  I'm  not  entirely  sure  but  he  does  get  out  of  the  house  sounds  like  on  some  kind  of  regular  basis
 Yeah,  okay.  Yeah  And  sorry  we  got  to  ask  this  but  is  there  any  history  of  any  suicidal?  tendencies  Idleation  especially  since  his  wife  died  and  the  expressions  along  those  lines.
 I  don't  know  of  anything  like  that  I  could  ask  his  son  he  might  like  if  there  was  something  like  that  they  might  not  have  told  us  but  but  I  can  ask  for  you.
 - Sure.  Can  we  get  the  son's  name  and  contact  information,  please?  - Sure.  His  name's  Daniel  Boone.  And  he  lives  on  100  Ack's  Way.
 - Tennessee?  - Tennessee,  yeah.  And  his  phone  number  is  actually  surprisingly  close  to  mine.  It's  552 - -555 -1234.
 Okay,  thank  you.  Yes,  you're  welcome.  So  when  he  goes  on  his  walk,  is  there  any  kind  of  concerns  about  the  temperature  or  the  heat  or  anything  along  those  lines  that  he  might  either  try  to  go  hold  up  someplace  or  avoid,
 try  to  open  up.  if  it's  cold  or  rainy  or  too  hot  or  too  cold  No,  he's  uh  he's  Like  if  it's  cool  out,  he'll  take  a  sweater  There's  he's  got  a  couple  cardigans  that  he  likes  to  wear  He'll  take  that  if  it's  cool  and  if  it's  really  warm  out  He  that  doesn't  seem  to  bother  him.
 He'll  just  make  sure  he  like  wears  a  hat  or  something  I  think  he's  had  like  some  skin  cancer  stuff  in  the  past  - Okay.  Does  he  have  any  medical  bracelet  tags  or  anything  on  it?
 - No.  - That  you're  gonna  wear  on  it?  - Okay.  - He  just  wears  a  watch.  - Okay.  So  I  have  a  whole  bunch  of  other  questions,
 but  are  any  of  the  questions  that  I've  asked  you  so  far  kind  of  trigger  other  items  in  you  that  you  wanna  bring  up?  up?  - Well,  I  guess  there's  one  thing  that  we  haven't  talked  about  that's  kind  of  in  the  back  of  my  mind.
 He  used  to  have  this  gambling  addiction.  And  since  his  wife  passed  away,  I  don't  know  if  that's  been  a  component  in  his  life.
 But  in  the  past,  when  he's  come  home,  to  visit,  there  were  a  couple  places  that  he  would  go  to  sometimes  where  they've  had  like  poker  machines  or  stuff  like  that.
 So  I  don't  know  if  there's  anything  like  that  around  where  I  live  now,  because  the  ones  that  used  to  be  like  this,  it's  almost  like  a  dive  bar,  I  guess,
 car  room  kind  of  stuff.  Yeah,  kind  of  like  that.  But  it's  been  quite  a  long  time.  since  COVID,  it  never  reopened.  So  I  don't  know  if,  it  was  over  near  the  7 -Eleven,
 but  it's  not  there  anymore,  it's  just  a  closed,  like  nothing  else  has  ever  gone  into  that  property,  so.  - Okay,  let's  talk  a  little  bit  about  his  last  known  location,
 the  point  where  he  was  last  seen.  seen.  You  mentioned  earlier  that  you've  essentially  left  him  here  at  your  house.  Right.  Can  you  give  us  some  little  more  detail?
 Were  you  the  last  person  to  see  him?  Is  there  somebody  else  in  the  house  who  may  have  seen  him  after  you?  No,  both  my  wife  and  daughter  left  early  this  morning  to  go  do  other  things.  They  still  won't  be  back  until  late  tonight.
 tonight.  - And  what  time,  remind  me,  what  time  you  said  you  think  you  left  this  morning  to  go  to  Costco?  - I  think  it  was  like  around  9 .30  or  so.  - Okay.  - Maybe,
 yeah,  like  their  months.  - Did  you  have  any  conversation  with  him  at  that  time?  Or  were  you  just  kind  of  out  the  door?  - No,  I  let  him  know  where  I  was  going.  I  actually  asked  him  if  he  wanted  to  go,
 he  declined.  And  he  said  he  was  just  gonna  hang  out  at  the  house  okay  and  the  weather  then  was  essentially  like  it  is  now  it's  like  a  dreary  but  not  not  really  rainy  yeah  yeah  like  it  feels  like  well  all  day  it's  kind  of  felt  like  it's  about  to  rain  but  it  hasn't  rained  you  know  so  we  felt  the  same  way  this  morning  okay  do  you  have  a  camera  system  at  all  ring  doorbell  hello  anything  similar  to  that  that  either
 inside  or  outside  the  house?  I  have  I  have  one  of  those  doorbell  camera  things  right  but  it's  not  working  right  now  and  why  is  that?
 I'm  not  sure  I  think  it's  I  actually  think  it's  defective  because  it  seems  so  like  work  and  then  and  then  it  goes  offline  and  it  can  be  off  for  a  few  days  and  then  suddenly  just  comes  back  online  by  itself  I  don't  know  what's  going  on.
 I  do  know  I  did  try  it  this  morning  to  see  if  I  could  see  him  leaving  even  to  see  what  he  was  wearing  and  yeah  I  don't  know  it  wasn't  working  unfortunately.
 Okay  we  might  ask  if  we  can  get  someone  who  maybe  knows  those  better  than  me  anyway  and  come  in  and  troubleshoot  it.  and  maybe  fix  it  for  you  or  maybe  it  was  recording  but  it's  not  playing  back  or  something  along  those  lines  would  you  be  okay  with  that?
 Yeah  I  could  talk  to  someone  about  it  if  you  have  someone.  Okay  we'll  see  if  we  can  get  that.  So  you  did  not  know  he  was  really  missing  obviously  as  you  talked  about  until  you  returned  from  Costco  and  you  said  that  was  around  12  30  I  think  you  said  is  that  correct  no  I  think  I  I  got  back  around  11  30  because  I  was  only  gone  about  two  hours  I  called  9 -1 -1  it  was  around  like  12  30  quarter  to  1  okay  when  you
 then  went  out  looking  for  him  was  that  after  the  9 -1 -1  call  or  no  before  before  yeah  I  spent  about  an  hour  driving  around  looking  for  him  okay  I'm  assuming  you  haven't  seen  any  note  or  any  indication  that  he  left  you  anything  here  that  he  was  leaving  or  going  somewhere  yeah  I  didn't  I  actually  I  only  I  looked  for  a  note  like  in  the  kitchen  or  the  living  room  I  didn't  see  anything  but  it  just  occurs  to  me  now  I
 never  looked  in  his  bedroom  when  I  was  a  kid  he  had  left  something  there  so  in  these  kinds  of  situations  one  of  the  things  that  I  like  to  really  make  sure  of  is  that  we  thoroughly  searched  the  house  and  that  he  hasn't  fallen  down  behind  the  back  of  the  bed  or  locked  himself  in  a  closet  or  I  think  cases  where  they're  hidden  in  the  closet  would  you  be  okay  with  us  having  people  come  through  and  make  sure  that  he
 is  not  in  the  house  anywhere?  Kind  of.  I'm  worried  about  some  things  in  my  house.
 I  don't  necessarily  want  to  share  with  the  government.  Okay.  I  can  assure  you  our  intention  is  to  try  to  find  your  uncle.  We're  not  trying  to  find.  your  Pot  farm  or  whatever.
 I  never  said  I  had  a  pot  farm.  Sorry.  No,  I  didn't  I  don't  know  that  you  do  I  just  know  that  I  have  probably  be  legal  in  California  It  would  be  but  some  people  still  feel  guilty  about  them  and  they  tell  you  about  them  when  they  when  you  ask  them  about  their  houses  Do  you  know  if  he  took  his  wallet  I  don't  know  his  credit  cards  or  anything  else?
 Have  you  done  that?  I  did  look  for  that  At  least  out  in  the  open  like  I  didn't  want  to  immediately  rifle  through  his  stuff  because  if  he's  just  Somewhere  in  the  neighborhood  late  getting  back,  right?
 I  didn't  want  to  disrespect  him  But  like  there's  his  his  wallet  was  not  obviously  out  anywhere  Neither  was  his  watch  so  I  would  assume  they're  both  with  him  And  would  you  be  okay  with  us  checking?
 checking  his,  what  he  brought  with  him  to  see  what  is  there  and  what  maybe  is  not  there?  Yeah,  I  guess  so.  Okay.  I  don't  really  have  any  problems  with  you  checking  his  room  and  what's  in  there.
 Are  you  familiar  that  he's  perhaps  done  something  like  this  elsewhere  in  terms  of  not  being  found  or  disappearing  for  a  while?  Any  prior  instances?  No,  not  at  all.
 specifically.  He  used  to  be  a  solo  hiker  like  he  soloed  the  Pacific  Coast  Trail  a  couple  decades  ago.  That's  impressive.  Yeah,
 but  nothing  like  this  where  he's  like  disappeared  and  the  family  hasn't  been  able  to  account  for  him.  Okay.  Does  he  keep  any  kind  of  notes,  journal,  calendar.
 You  know,  some  people  are  very  meticulous.  about  noting  what  they're  doing  every  day.  I  don't  know.  Does  he  do  any  putting  things  on  Facebook  or  other  similar  kind  of  social  media?
 I  have  a  friend  who  I  swear  I  could  tell  what  he  does  every  hour  of  the  day.  He's  on  that,  what's  it  called,  "truth  social"  or...
 it  can't  it's  it's  kind  of  like  Twitter  but  but  right  wing  yes  I  guess  I  guess  that's  the  way  to  describe  it.
 Does  he  have  a  computer?  No  he  just  has  his  phone.  Okay  and  is  that  a  what  I  would  call  a  smartphone?  Is  it  like  an  Apple  or  an  Android?  That's  an  Android  phone.
 Android  okay.  I  don't  know  it's  exactly  what  kind  I  They  kind  of  all  look  the  same  Little  square  box.  It's  a  little  little  square  box  with  a  black  screen  when  it's  not  on  It  might  be  a  Samsung  though  because  of  the  way  when  I  see  the  back  of  it.
 It's  got  like  the  three  cameras  In  a  row  like  a  Samsung  has  Might  be  so  I  don't  I  can't  say  for  sure  and  what's  his  phone  number?  number?  5 -5 -5,
 5 -5 -5,  4 -3 -2 -1.  All  right.  Do  you  know  if  he  has  an  email  address?  Yes,
 he  does  actually.  Let  me  look  that  up  on  my  phone  real  quick.  Uh,  it's...  It's  jsmith @jsmithemail .com  Oh,
 he's  got  his  own  domain.  Is  he  a  fairly  high -tech  kind  of  guy?  I  guess  I  would  say  for  his  age  group,
 he's  probably  savvier  than  most.  most.  Okay,  got  it.  Questions?  Just  to  clarify  questions.
 What's  his  full  name?  Joseph  Smith.  Any  nicknames  that  he  goes  by?  Joe,
 I  guess.  I  don't  know  of  that.  counts  as  a  nickname.  Well,  if  we  were  to  be  calling  out  for  him,  what  name  would  he  recognize?  Probably  Joe  or  Joseph.
 I  think  he  would  respond  to  either  one.  Okay.  Yeah.  And  then  any  anniversaries  that  you're  aware  of  that  are  coming  up?  Anything  significant?  What  month  is  this  December?
 Oh!  Oh,  so  Christmas,  his  wedding  anniversary  is  the  28th  of  December.  I  have  one  final  question.
 Why  was  he  coming  to  visit  you?  Was  it  just  time,  was  there  a  particular  reason  for  coming  now?  Um,  just  because  he  hadn't  been  here  and  he  usually,  like,  we  visited  him.
 with  each  other  regularly  he  just  felt  like  it's  been  since  COVID  before  he'd  been  here  and  he  wanted  to  come  back.  Any  other  thoughts  that  you  had  for  us?  No.
 Thank  you  for  your  time.  All  right.
